hello guys bitter Ryu the bad news today
my goats left this morning I was riding
my cab in around eleven o'clock until
well about eleven o'clock
I heard the goats underneath my cabin
where they get shelter from you know
from the Sun in the shade so they were
there they live in a clock I was riding
my my my next book and and yeah at noon
12:30 I went outside and the goats
weren't there
so I look a bit around and they were
gone so so yeah so today I guess I'm
gonna look around look for God for the
goat
hopefully I will find them until the
evening because there is what there is I
was at least one bear around there is a
foxes mostly for the kid for Blanche and
and yeah and there is coyotes as you've
heard on one of my videos sing like
yapping around so yeah hopefully we'll
find them I feel badly sorry for them
okay
yep
darling ouch yep so you can see guys
right there there is a some mud cut off
yeah and there is no trucks of them so
I'm pretty sure they they didn't come
this way it's been three hours now so
they're not find anything no poop
nothing no tracks just got some berries
yep
in French cat photo very good
make me a small snack okay more to go so
I do right now a big use loop of around
my cabin I started with a small loop
like a small round I mean after that I
didn't find anything didn't hear
anything which was very surprised unless
they just run away I don't know guys so
I'm making now a bigger loop we'll see
being on the I've been on the river
twice and now for the third third time
go there but the moving the last yeah
they're very lost in the wood here
oh well good pray for them hopefully
they're gonna find their way back
well travelling in the bush we find some
pretty unusual stuff which doesn't it
doesn't really make my mind quiet
should be from adir yeah okay
so keep moving up it's now four o'clock
in the afternoon so I've been have been
looking for my goal for four hours I'm
getting very tired now
I found nothing it's like if they would
have just disappeared so I don't know
what to do now
I've been looking like huge loop small
loop medium loop any kind of loop
nothing not a poop
not a trace no tracks no hopefully what
to do I'm just gonna take a rest bit and
I'm gonna go back on a trail well that
made me sad
well it's now nine o'clock and I haven't
phone yet my and my goat so well I don't
want to give up tomorrow morning I'm
gonna go again starting raining a bit so
just hope my goats are safe just got
back now I've been walking guys on the
Riverside looking for goats but there
was no goats no trace nothing guys not
to nothing not even at one track so yeah
so now he's getting very warm so I'm
gonna wait until the evening
I didn't here last night any sound
anything so guys the last well that's
not a happy ending guy sorry for that I
wished but that's life in the bush I the
law of the strongest well make me a bit
sad well thanks for watching guys there
was a bit of a you in the scallion
by himself